Bug/string agg limit (#133)
fivetran/dbt_jira: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_jira v0.19.0
[PR #133](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira/pull/133) contains the following updates:

## Breaking Changes
- This change is marked as breaking due to its impact on Redshift configurations.
- For Redshift users, comment data aggregated under the `conversations` field in the `jira__issue_enhanced` table is now disabled by default to prevent consistent errors related to Redshift's varchar length limits. 
  - If you wish to re-enable `conversations` on Redshift, set the `jira_include_conversations` variable to `true` in your `dbt_project.yml`.

## Under the Hood
- Updated the `comment` seed data to ensure conversations are correctly disabled for Redshift by default.

> - Updated the `jira_is_databricks_sql_warehouse` macro to `jira_is_incremental_compatible`. This macro now returns `true` if the Databricks runtime is an all-purpose cluster (previously it checked only for a SQL warehouse runtime) or if the target is any other non-Databricks-supported destination.

Reviewer: Just to clarify that it's renamed

```suggestion
- Renamed the `jira_is_databricks_sql_warehouse` macro to `jira_is_incremental_compatible`. Updated this macro to now return `true` if the Databricks runtime is an all-purpose cluster (previously it checked only for a SQL warehouse runtime) or if the target is any other non-Databricks-supported destination.
```

Author: Updated!
